hello everyone is a Canadian why fire
here with those roulettes that you were
promised a while ago finally breaking
into them as you can see these battles
or the next series of battles that you
will see you're all basically taking on
the same day because I did like five
lets in one day his first one is against
leo probably better known as xpedx but
probably loan about the same whatever he
he and I we both roulette at each other
so I mean it's not much to explain here
on team preview other than we both chose
each other a chancy and he chose me a
focus sash lead Galvan chala with sticky
web and if you don't know how ruthless
work i'll link the MTG zurich suits this
video on how they work it's like five
years old six years old it still works
just as fine basically you go watch that
video i'm not gonna explain here you you
have to lead with the lead that they
chose you he chose me a focused Ashley
calm angela was stinky whether it's so
perfect right no he has a bit sharp I am
NOT going for sticky web I'm not giving
him the win so he actually got chosen
the lead chancy so he saw a chance yet
leadoff girl Angela he actually goes for
sr on the first time was I go for
infestation I don't have the volts which
TM yet on my game so I just gave an
infestation cuz I figured you know maybe
I could trap something whatever I go
forth under which looks sick by the way
I haven't yet to see thunder in game yet
this generation until that point right
here is a turn I should have switched
out instead of going for another Thunder
because I knew he was gonna go for
soft-boiled I just saw him fail at E
wave a minute ago um and for some reason
I switch out now into breloom instead of
going for another thought like I should
have predicted a soft-boiled before
going out into hit mantri the Hitman
trios long-lost could rule it I should
have predicted a soft-boiled before
going out into that thing unfortunately
I don't and basically Bri limbs is gonna
do a broom does best and just put
something to sleep because it's help
Bree didn't work you always click spore
in the first and then I'm like hey you
know what he has nothing on his team
that can take a grass move at least not
very well oh yeah he had the Solomons
that can four times resist on it and of
course I'm only going to get two hits
because
the game hates me I'm not going to stay
in obviously brilliant amok punch is
going to be useful somewhat later
hopefully I'm just gonna go out in sac
of Angela and he's gonna go for a fire
blast and I die I don't faint I die go
Salamis is a huge threat the fact that
it's not even getting used in you you
this thing could drop the are you
potentially are you kidding me no just
get out unless it's way too good I'm
gonna go to greninja a belt hasty
greninja because that's how I roll can I
go for you turn right away because I
know he's gonna send out a chance to
take the ice beam and I want to keep up
off and so momentum on this thing not
give it a chance to t wave something not
give it a chance to soft boil again you
know just keep the momentum up on it so
he's not a jerk and stalls me with
chancy basically i'm gonna go to choice
band adamant haxorus and i'm just gonna
click outrage and something's gonna die
chance you have to fence them as make it
out of here you're not living that it
should die um next he's gonna go to his
bisharp and he knows he can live a hit
and you know sucker punch is gonna be
able to a KO I don't know why he didn't
go for a knock off knowing that he could
live the hit and then follow that up
with a sucker punch but whatever I Kurt
him in he dies Kurt mattered a creek
turned the game a little bit in my
opinion but I mean hey I got a crypt not
gonna apologize for just how the game
works man so he's gonna be able to come
and revenge me with Mamoswine kill me
with a shirt i don't see life orb which
to me basically says oh hey you're
focused and i need to break that sash so
it's coming to mock punch it's actually
a pretty bad play by me because cuz I'm
paralyzed he's gonna priority me and
just coming off with an ice shard but
instead he uses me a set up water and
put into his pen sir and he's going to
mega evolve and become a massive threat
I mean you can just tell looking at that
thing that it's a massive threat but the
fact that it is a massive this fasten
the look of the Pokemon just combined to
create an ultimate threat of destruction
and evil I'm going to sac premium
obviously go to aegislash because AJ
sausages too bulky I'm sorry the
earthquake that out of here I'm
just getting able to eat it up and hit
him with a shadow bowl cuz that's how
mixed aegislash rolls you just
things on both defensive and you just
tear apart souls i go for the king
shield here just because I mean I don't
even know if I need to explain this play
anymore but um basically I needed to be
able to take a hit and whether he earth
could I don't lose anything by going
forward there I needed to be able to
live a quick attack and even if you went
for SD I'd be able to live it in defence
forum but I wouldn't be able to live it
in sword form and the fact that I was
going to kill him off with shadow sneak
means he couldn't diverse quake me or
anything basically there's a completely
safe pledge needs to go for King shield
to get back here and defensive for
himself that's how that works it didn't
bring out settlements and I know I can't
take a fireblast can't take anything
there's no use King shielding in case he
wants to set up and I still have a
chance he's sitting around because uh
yeah that that was the thing so he's
gonna go for earthquake predicting the
chance he I may be predicting the chance
he and they'll probably just trying to
get off he just / to be honest but he
goes for dragon call he gets the crit I
would thought I was a little bit low so
I was gonna soft boil anyway and it's a
good thing I did because I carry toxic
not T wave because i'm not a jerk and um
maybe more of a jerk depends on your
point of view I know he's eating the
dragon dances I go for a seismic toss
which also looks really cool by the way
he's gonna bring him down to a range
where after a life for Pete I'm gonna be
able to kill him off with aegislash
anyway if you had outrage chance he
would have just died there but instead
I'm gonna kill him off with a seismic
toss so I mean I could have went up to
AG and kill them off with a shadow sneak
and instead she doesn't have outraged so
I just kill him here it's gonna allow
his man assigned to come in and kill off
chance he was an earthquake um I'm gonna
go to aegislash because it's the way the
game shaping up I just need to break his
stash right now with a shadow sneak and
I know I'm gonna be able to break the
sash with the shadow snake because I
shard won't be able to kill me even in
offensive form although I would be
taking the hit and basically there was
nothing he could do to prevent that
shadow sneak from happening because even
if he switched out into his his last
which is the slow king I would be able
to tear it apart with a shadow ball
followed up by a shadow snake and it's
asleep so I mean it wouldn't been able
to do anything to me anyway regardless
the fact that the sash is now gone
allows me to go out into greninja and
just kill this thing off of the surf and
killa kill out kill off or take out
whatever
to eliminate the slow king with a the
combination of dark pulse followed up by
u-turn not taking these damages real
quick max special attack investment dark
pulse does i don't know maybe forty-five
percent let's call that u-turn just
takes it out stop running timid on
greninja hasty makes no difference
you're not gonna live a hit anyway you
turn so good thank you all for watching
thank you all for listening i have a lot
more of these roulette saved up like
four or five of them more saved up so
expect to see those periodically
periodically periodically or
sporadically Jesus Christ I am combining
words like a mofo in here expect to see
those scattered throughout the week
along with some P lives ever shut in
lives or whatever website I feel like
playing on lives because I've been in
the mood to do some lab narrations for
you guys terrakion Landers and kelly
will just got dropped down to you you by
the way so expect to see alive involving
those things coming up because those are
broken is all anyway enough
rambling for me take it easy have a good
day thank you all for watching have a
good day see you later peace take it
easy have a fun fantastic friday that
was a train wreck of an outro bye